we begin with breaking news out of Gaza
where Israeli forces are surrounding the
strip's largest medical complex there
have been reports of deaths and injuries
inside alcher Hospital video uploaded
online shows dozens of Palestinians
fleeing the compound hundreds of
patients medical staff and dis space
people are Sheltering
there we're now besieged inside alifa
Hospital we're being heavily shot at the
occupation forces suddenly raided the
hospital as you can hear now there are
intense clashes going on we're hearing
sounds coming from the gate there is
shrapnel falling all over the hospital's
Courtyard well gaza's health Ministry
has released a statement saying that it
holds the Israeli occupation responsible
for the lives of medical staff patients
and dispas people inside the complex it
goes on to say that the Israeli
operation is a flagrant violation of
international humanitarian law and it
accuses Israel of using fabricated
narratives to deceive the world and
justify the storming of alifa well vill
marks joins us live now from occupied
East Jerusalem villm so what more has
the Israeli military been saying about
this operation at the alifer
hospital well Darren they've released a
couple of statements over the last
couple of hours talking about the
intelligence that indicated the presence
of fighters in the area of the sheif
hospital their use of the hospital's
infrastructure this is their words to
conduct terrorist activity they said
they are now conducting a precise
operation inside that hospital based on
that intelligence trying to essentially
forall and end some of the activity
they've talked about the fact that they
encountered fire inside the hospital
responded with live fire and individuals
were hit by that live fire they've said
though in the last hour their troops are
continuing to operate in the area of the
hospital and villm how unusual is this
for the Israelis to discuss an ongoing
operation in such detail
it is unusual and what's so interesting
about the statement they've put out in
the last couple of hours is that talking
about the idea that troops were
instructed on the importance of
operating cautiously as well as on the
measures to be taken to avoid harm to
the patients civilians medical staff and
medical equipment don't forget over the
last few months whenever Israeli
soldiers have been involved in
operations in and around hospitals
there's been huge huge discontent
amongst local Palestinians but also the
International Community concerns about
the violation of international law don't
forget medical facilities have a
protected status under international law
and just in the last few minutes hamas's
government information office there in
Gaza has released its own statement
talking about what they call a flagrant
violation of international law crimes
against humanity calling on the
International Community to try and
prevent any further harm to those inside
the hospital complex all right vill
marks live for us there in occupied East
Jerusalem vill thank you